Add an exam checklist document (#276)
UCL/rsd-engineeringcourse: exam-checklist/exam-format.tex

\section{Format of the Exam}

\subsection{Logistical Information}

The exam takes place in a lockdown browser on the \href{https://ucldata.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/ELearningStudentSupport/pages/63340834/WISEflow+AssessmentUCL+guidance+for+students}{WiseFlow} platform.

> This means that internet access will be limited to the reference materials that we have "whitelisted" to allow them to be accessed from the lockdown browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that internet access will be limited to the reference materials that we have allowed to be accessed from the lockdown browser.
```
Removing "whitelist" as to not perpetuate that white is good.

The particular sites may change between years, but during the exam you will typically have access to:

\begin{itemize}
  \item A JupyterLite server that, in particular, contains the codebase that you will be working on during the exam.
  \item Any \hyperref[sec:pre-reading-material]{pre-reading material} that was made available before the exam.

>   \item A PDF version of the exam paper for those who prefer on-screen reading.

Reviewer: Isn't the wiseflow and the PDF, both, on-screen?
I don't know what happens if the wiseflow browser opens a pdf, if it does like modern browsers now, then good, if not then we need to check out what it provides.

Author: Yeah dunno what my brain was thinking here. 

Probably better to drop this `\item` and change the first one to be

```
  \item A JupyterLite server that, in particular, contains the codebase that you will be working on during the exam.
  It also contains the exam questions, broken down by their tasks, in HTML format for those who prefer this over the WiseFlow rendering.
```

  \item The Python standard library documentation, plus the documentation websites of any external libraries that the code you will be working on uses.
\end{itemize}

You will enter your answers via the WiseFlow interface.
For questions that require written answers, you can simply type your answer into the appropriate answer boxes.
For questions that require you to write code, you can use the JupyterLite server to write and test your code, which provides basic Python syntax checking and a means of running the tests.
Once you are happy with your code, you will need to copy-and-paste the code you wrote into the appropriate answer box on WiseFlow.

> Note that you can create "code blocks" in the WiseFlow answer box, before pasting your code so that any formatting is retained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you can create ``code blocks'' in the WiseFlow answer box, before pasting your code so that any formatting is retained.
```
